1. Julius’s abbreviated speech should use right-curled single quotation marks. Typogrify will try to make these left-curled if preceding a word, so those changes will need to be checked by hand. 2. Modernized hyphenation has been applied to the text, excluding Julius’s speech. An editorial decision was made not to change these hyphens, as they might represent an aspect of pronunciation. The words “hot-foot” and “club-foot” were not changed anywhere in the book, as the former is used as part of someone's name. The latter is spoken in conversation between John and Julius, and it would be odd if Julius hyphenated it but not John. 3. Regarding the Other Julius Tales section: there are seven stories commonly included with modern editions of The Conjure Woman. None were collected in a volume during Chesnutt's lifetime but most were published in magazines. Besides the four included currently, “A Deep Sleeper” has e-text at Gutenberg and Chesnutt Archive, but magazine page scans are not yet available online. “The Marked Tree” has e-text at Chesnutt Archive. It was published in 1925, so in 2021 it may be possible to include in this edition if magazine scans are released. “The Dumb Witness” seems not to have been published during Chesnutt's life in any form and e-text appears unavailable. Specific publication history for each story can be found at the Chesnutt Archive site. Hopefully as time passes and more scans go online, we will be able to include a total of six of the seven additional stories.
