<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>Lonesome Ben</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<article id="other-julius-tales" epub:type="part">
			<section id="lonesome-ben" epub:type="se:short-story">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Lonesome Ben</h3>
				<p>There had been some talk among local capitalists about building a cotton mill on Beaver Creek, a few miles from my place on the sand hills in North Carolina, and I had been approached as likely to take an interest in such an enterprise. While I had the matter under advisement it was suggested, as an inducement to my cooperation, that I might have the brick for the mill made on my place⁠—there being clay there suitable for the purpose⁠—and thus reduce the amount of my actual cash investment. Most of my land was sandy, though I had observed several outcroppings of clay along the little creek or branch forming one of my boundaries.</p>
				<p>One afternoon in summer, when the sun was low and the heat less oppressive than it had been earlier in the day, I ordered Julius, our old colored coachman, to harness the mare to the rockaway and drive me to look at the clay-banks. When we were ready, my wife, who wished to go with me for the sake of the drive, came out and took her seat by my side.</p>
				<p>We reached our first point of destination by a road running across the plantation, between a field of dark-green maize on the one hand and a broad expanse of scuppernong vines on the other. The road led us past a cabin occupied by one of my farm-hands. As the carriage went by at a walk, the woman of the house came to the door and curtsied. My wife made some inquiry about her health, and she replied that it was poor. I noticed that her complexion, which naturally was of a ruddy brown, was of a rather sickly hue. Indeed, I had observed a greater sallowness among both the colored people and the poor whites thereabouts than the hygienic conditions of the neighborhood seemed to justify.</p>
				<p>After leaving this house our road lay through a cotton field for a short distance, and then we entered a strip of woods, through which ran the little stream beside which I had observed the clay. We stopped at the creek, the road by which we had come crossing it and continuing over the land of my neighbor, Colonel Pemberton. By the roadside, on my own land, a bank of clay rose in almost a sheer perpendicular for about ten feet, evidently extending back some distance into the low, pine-clad hill behind it, and having also frontage upon the creek. There were marks of bare feet on the ground along the base of the bank, and the face of it seemed freshly disturbed and scored with finger marks, as though children had been playing there.</p>
				<p>“Do you think that clay would make good brick, Julius?” I asked the old man, who had been unusually quiet during the drive. He generally played with the whip, making little feints at the mare, or slapping her lightly with the reins, or admonishing her in a familiar way; but on this occasion the heat or some other cause had rendered him less demonstrative than usual.</p>
				<p>“Yas, suh, I knows it would,” he answered.</p>
				<p>“How do you know? Has it ever been used for that purpose?”</p>
				<p>“No, suh; but I got my reasons fer sayin’ so. Ole Mars Dugal useter hab a brickya’d fu’ther up de branch⁠—I dunno as yer noticed it, fer it’s all growed ober wid weeds an’ grass. Mars Dugal said dis yer clay wouldn’ make good brick, but I knowed better.”</p>
				<p>I judged from the appearance of the clay that it was probably deficient in iron. It was of a yellowish-white tint and had a sort of greasy look.</p>
				<p>“Well,” I said, “we’ll drive up to the other place and get a sample of that clay, and then we’ll come back this way.”</p>
				<p>“Hold on a minute, dear,” said my wife, looking at her watch, “Mabel has been over to Colonel Pemberton’s all the afternoon. She said she’d be back at five. If we wait here a little while she’ll be along and we can take her with us.”</p>
				<p>“All right,” I said, “we’ll wait for her. Drive up a little farther, Julius, by that jessamine vine.”</p>
				<p>While we were waiting, a white woman wearing a homespun dress and slat-bonnet, came down the road from the other side of the creek, and lifting her skirts slightly, waded with bare feet across the shallow stream. Reaching the clay-bank she stooped and gathered from it, with the aid of a convenient stick, a quantity of the clay which she pressed together in the form of a ball. She had not seen us at first, the bushes partially screening us; but when, having secured the clay, she turned her face in our direction and caught sight of us watching her, she hid the lump of clay in her pocket with a shamefaced look, and hurried away by the road she had come.</p>
				<p>“What is she going to do with that, Uncle Julius?” asked my wife. We were Northern settlers, and still new to some of the customs of the locality, concerning which we often looked to Julius for information. He had lived on the place many years and knew the neighborhood thoroughly.</p>
				<p>“She’s gwineter eat it, Miss Annie,” he replied, “w’en she gits outer sight.”</p>
				<p>“Ugh!” said my wife with a grimace, “you don’t mean she’s going to eat that great lump of clay?”</p>
				<p>“Yas’m I does; dat’s jes’ w’at I means⁠—gwineter eat eve’y bit un it, an’ den come back bimeby fer mo’.”</p>
				<p>“I should think it would make them sick,” she said.</p>
				<p>“Dey gits use’ ter it,” said Julius. “Howsomeber, ef dey eats too much it does make ’em sick; an’ I knows w’at I’m er-talkin’ erbout. I doan min’ w’at dem kinder folks does,” he added, looking contemptuously after the retreating figure of the poor-white woman, “but w’eneber I sees black folks eat’n’ clay of’n dat partic’lar clay-bank, it alluz sets me ter studyin’ ’bout po’ lonesome Ben.”</p>
				<p>“What was the matter with Ben?” asked my wife. “You can tell us while we’re waiting for Mabel.”</p>
				<p>Old Julius often beguiled our leisure with stories of plantation life, some of them folklore stories, which we found to be in general circulation among the colored people; some of them tales of real life as Julius had seen it in the old slave days; but the most striking were, we suspected, purely imaginary, or so colored by old Julius’s fancy as to make us speculate at times upon how many original minds, which might have added to the world’s wealth of literature and art, had been buried in the ocean of slavery.</p>
				<p>“W’en ole Mars Marrabo McSwayne owned dat place ober de branch dere, w’at Kunnel Pembe’ton owns now,” the old man began, “he useter hab a nigger man name’ Ben. Ben wuz one er dese yer big black niggers⁠—he was mo’d’n six foot high an’ black ez coal. He wuz a fiel’-han’ an’ a good wukker, but he had one little failin’⁠—he would take a drap er so oncet in a w’ile. Co’se eve’ybody laks a drap now an’ den, but it ’peared ter ’fec’ Ben mo’d’n it did yuther folks. He didn’ hab much chance dat-a-way, but eve’y now an’ den he’d git holt er sump’n’ somewahr, an’ sho’s he did, he’d git out’n de narrer road. Mars Marrabo kep’ on wa’nin’ ’m ’bout it, an’ fin’lly he tol’ ’im ef he eber ketch ’im in dat shape ag’in he ’uz gwineter gib ’im fo’ty. Ben knowed ole Mars Marrabo had a good ’memb’ance an’ alluz done w’at he said, so he wuz monst’us keerful not ter gib ’m no ’casion fer ter use his ’memb’ance on him. An’ so fer mos’ a whole yeah Ben ’nied hisse’f an’ nebber teched a drap er nuffin’.</p>
				<p>“But it’s h’ad wuk ter larn a ole dog new tricks, er ter make him fergit de ole uns, an’ po’ Ben’s time come bimeby, jes’ lak ev’ybody e’se’s does. Mars Marrabo sent ’im ober ter dis yer plantation one day wid a bundle er cotton-sacks fer Mars Dugal’, an’ wiles he wuz ober yere, de ole Debbil sent a’ ’oman w’at had cas’ her eyes on ’im an’ knowed his weakness, fer ter temp’ po’ Ben wid some licker. Mars Whiskey wuz right dere an’ Mars Marrabo wuz a mile erway, an’ so Ben minded Mars Whiskey an’ fergot ’bout Mars Marrabo. W’en he got back home he couldn’ skasely tell Mars Marrabo de message w’at Mars Dugal’ had sent back ter ’im.</p>
				<p>“Mars Marrabo listen’ at ’im ’temp’ ter tell it; and den he says, kinder col’ and cuttin’-like⁠—he didn’ ’pear ter get mad ner nuffin’:</p>
				<p>“ ‘Youer drunk, Ben.’</p>
				<p>“De way his marster spoke sorter sobered Ben, an’ he ’nied it of co’se.</p>
				<p>“ ‘Who? Me, Mars Marrabo? <em>I</em> ain’ drunk; no, marster, <em>I</em> ain’ drunk. I ain’ teched a drap er nuffin’ sence las’ Chris’mas, suh.’</p>
				<p>“ ‘Youer drunk, Ben, an’ don’t you dare ter ’spute my wo’d, er I’ll kill you in yo’ tracks! I’ll talk ter you Sad’day night, suh, w’en you’ll be sober, an’ w’en you’ll hab Sunday ter ’flect over ou’ conve’sation, an’ ’nuss yo’ woun’s.’</p>
				<p>“W’en Mars Marrabo got th’oo talkin’ Ben wuz mo’ sober dan he wuz befo’ he got drunk. It wuz Wednesday w’en Ben’s marster tol ’im dis, an’ ’twix’ den and Friday night Ben done a heap er studyin’. An’ de mo’ he studied de mo’ he didn’ lak de way Mars Marrabo talked. He hadn’ much trouble wid Mars Marrabo befo,’ but he knowed his ways, an’ he knowed dat de longer Mars Marrabo waited to do a thing de wusser he got ’stid er gittin’ better lak mos’ folks. An’ Ben fin’lly made up his min’ he wa’n’t gwineter take dat cowhidin.’ He ’lowed dat ef he wuz little, like some er de dahkies on de plantation, he wouldn’ min’ it so much; but he wuz so big dey’d be mo’ groun’ fer Mars Marrabo ter cover, an’ it would hurt dat much mo’. So Ben ’cided ter run erway.</p>
				<p>“He had a wife an’ two chil’en, an’ dey had a little cabin ter deyse’ves down in de quahters. His wife Dasdy wuz a good-lookin,’ good-natu’d ’oman, an’ ’peared ter set a heap er sto’ by Ben. De little boy wuz name’ Pete; he wuz ’bout eight er nine years ole, an’ had already ’menced ter go out in de fiel’ an’ he’p his mammy pick cotton, fer Mars Marrabo wuz one er dese yer folks w’at wants ter make eve’y aidge cut. Dis yer little Pete wuz a mighty soople dancer, an’ w’en his daddy would set out in de yahd an’ pick de banjo fer ’im, Pete could teach de ole folks noo steps⁠—dancin’ jes seemed to come nachul ter ’im. Dey wuz a little gal too; Ben didn’ pay much ’tention ter de gal, but he wuz monst’us fond er Dasdy an’ de boy. He wuz sorry ter leab ’em, an’ he didn’ tell ’em nuffin’ ’bout it fer fear dey’d make a fuss. But on Friday night Ben tuk all de bread an’ meat dey wuz in de cabin an’ made fer de woods.</p>
				<p>“W’en Sad’day come an’ Ben didn’ ’pear, an’ nobody didn’ know nuffin’ ’bout ’im, Mars Marrabo ’lowed of co’se dat Ben had runned erway. He got up a pahty an’ tuk de dawgs out an’ follered de scen’ down ter de crick an’ los’ it. Fer Ben had tuk a go’d-full er tar ’long wid’ ’im, an’ w’en he got ter de crick he had ’n’inted his feet wid tar, an’ dat th’owed de houn’s off’n de scent. Dey sarched de woods an’ follered de roads an’ kep’ watchin’ fer a week, but dey couldn’ fin’ no sign er Ben. An’ den Mars Marrabo got mo’ stric’, an’ wuked his niggers hahder’n eber, ez ef he wanted ter try ter make up fer his loss.</p>
				<p>“W’en Ben stahted out he wanted ter go ter de No’th. He didn’ know how fur it wuz, bet he ’lowed he retch dar in fo’ er five days. He knowed de No’th Stah, an’ de fus night he kep’ gwine right straight to’ds it. But de nex’ night it was rainin,’ an’ fer two er th’ee nights it stayed cloudy, an’ Ben couldn’ see de No’th Stah. Howsomeber, he knowed he had got stahted right’ an’ he kep’ gwine right straight on de same way fer a week er mo’ ’spectin’ ter git ter de No’th eve’y day, w’en one mawin’ early, atter he had b’en walkin’ all night, he come right smack out on de crick jes whar he had stahted f’om.</p>
				<p>“Co’se Ben wuz monst’us disapp’inted. He had been wond’rin’ w’y he hadn’ got ter de No’th befo’, an’ behol’, heah he wuz back on de ole plantation. He couldn’ un’erstan’ it at fus’, but he wuz so hongry he didn’ hab time ter study ’bout nuffin’ fer a little w’ile but jes’ ter git sump’n’ ter eat; fer he had done eat up de bread an’ meat he tuk away wid ’im, an’ had been libbin’ on roas’n-ears an’ sweet’n taters he’d slip out’n de woods an’ fin’ in co’n fiel’s ’an ’tater-patches. He look ’cross de crick, an’ seed dis yer clay-bank, an’ he waded ober an’ got all he could eat, an’ den tuk a lump wid ’im, an’ hid in de woods ag’in ’til he could study de matter ober some.</p>
				<p>“Fus’ he ’lowed dat he better gib hiss’ef up an’ take his lammin’. But jes’ den he ’membered de way Mars Marrabo looked at ’im an’ w’at he said ’bout Sad’day night; an’ den he ’lowed dat ef Mars Marrabo ketch ’im now, he’d wear ’im ter a frazzle an’ chaw up de frazzle, so de wouldn’ be nuffin’ lef’ un ’im at all, an’ dat Mars Marrabo would make a’ example an’ a warnin’ of ’im fer all de niggers in de naberhood. Fac’ is Mars Marrabo prob’ly wouldn’ a’ done much ter ’im fer it ’ud be monst’us po’ ’couragement fer runaway niggers ter come back, ef dey gwineter git killed w’en dey come. An’ so Ben waited ’til night, an’ den he went back an’ got some mo’ clay an’ eat it an’ hid hisse’f in de woods ag’in.</p>
				<p>“Well, hit wuz quare ’bout Ben, but he stayed roun’ heah fer a mont’, hidin’ in de woods in de daytime, an’ slippin’ out nights an’ gittin’ clay ter eat an’ water f’om de crick yanker ter drink. De water in dat crick wuz cl’ar in dem days, stidder bein’ yallar lak it is now.”</p>
				<p>We had observed that the water, like that of most streams that take their rise in swamps, had an amber tint to which the sand and clay background of the bed of the stream imparted an even yellower hue.</p>
				<p>“What did he do then, Julius?” asked my wife, who liked to hear the end of a story.</p>
				<p>“Well, Miss, he made up his min’ den dat he wuz gwineter staht fer de No’th ag’in. But wiles he b’en layin’ roun’ in de woods he had ’mence ter feel monst’us lonesome, an’ it ’peared ter him dat he jes’ couldn’ go widout seein’ Dasdy an’ little Pete. Fus’ he ’lowed he’d go up ter de cabin, but he thought ’bout de dogs ’roun’ de yahd, an’ dat de yuther dahkies mought see ’im, and so he ’cided he’d better watch fer ’em ’til dey come long de road⁠—it wuz dis yer same road⁠—w’en he could come out’n de woods an’ talk ter ’em. An’ he eben ’lowed he mought ’suade ’em ter run erway wid ’im an’ dey could all get ter de No’th, fer de nights wuz cl’ar now, an’ he couldn’ lose de No’th Stah.</p>
				<p>“So he waited two er th’ee days, an’ sho’ nuff long come Dasdy one mornin’, comin’ over to Mars Dugal’s fer ter fetch some things fer her missis. She wuz lookin’ kinder down in de mouf, fer she thought a heap er Ben, an’ wuz monst’us sorry ter lose ’im, w’iles at de same time she wuz glad he wuz free, fer she ’lowed he’d done got ter de Norf long befo’. An’ she wuz studyin’ ’bout Ben, w’at a fine-lookin’ man he wuz, an’ wond’rin’ ef she’d eber see ’im any mo’.</p>
				<p>“W’en Ben seed her comin’ he waited ’til she got close by, an’ den he stepped out ’n de woods an’ come face ter face wid her. She didn’ ’pear to know who he wuz, an’ seem kinder skeered.</p>
				<p>“ ‘Hoddy, Dasdy honey,’ he said.</p>
				<p>“ ‘Huh!’ she said, ‘ ’pears ter me you’er mighty fermilyer on sho’t acquaintance.’</p>
				<p>“ ‘Sho’t acquaintance. Why, doan’ yer know me, Dasdy?’</p>
				<p>“ ‘No. I doan know yer f’om a skeercrow. I never seed yer befo’ in my life, an’ nebber wants ter see yer ag’in. Whar did yer com f’om anyhow? Whose nigger is yer? Er is yer some low-down free nigger dat doan b’long ter nobody an’ doan own nobody?’</p>
				<p>“ ‘W’at fer you talk ter me like dat, honey? I’s Ben, yo’ Ben. Why doan you know yo’ own man?’</p>
				<p>“He put out his ahms fer ter draw her ter ’im, but she jes’ gib one yell, an’ stahted ter run. Ben wuz so ’stonish’ he didn’ know w’at ter do, an’ he stood dere in de road ’til he heared somebody e’se comin’, w’en he dahted in de woods ag’in.</p>
				<p>“Po’ Ben wuz so ’sturbed in his min’ dat he couldn’ hahdly eat any clay dat day. He couldn’ make out w’at wuz de matter wid Dasdy but he ’lowed maybe she’d heared he wuz dead er sump’n’, an’ thought he wuz a ha’nt, an’ dat wuz w’y she had run away. So he watch’ by de side er de road, an’ nex’ mornin’ who should come erlong but little Pete, wid a reed over his shoulder, an’ a go’d-full er bait, gwine fishin’ in de crick.</p>
				<p>“Ben called ’im; ‘Pete, <em>O</em> Pete! <em>Little</em> Pete.’</p>
				<p>“Little Pete cocked up his ears an’ listened. ’Peared lak he’d heared dat voice befo’. He stahted fer de woods fer ter see who it wuz callin’ ’im, but befo’ he got dere Ben stepped out an’ retched fer im.</p>
				<p>“ ‘Come heah, honey, an’ see yo’ daddy, who ain’ seenyer fer so long.’</p>
				<p>“But little Pete tuk one look at ’im, an’ den ’menceter holler an squeal an’ kick an’ bite an’ scratch. Ben wuz so ’stonish’ dat he couldn’ hol’ de boy, who slipped out’n his han’s an run to’ds de house ez fas’ ez his legs would tote ’im.</p>
				<p>“Po’ Ben kep’ gittin’ wus an’ wus mixed up. He couldn’ make out fer de life er ’im w’at could be de matter. Nobody didn’ ’pear ter wanter own ’im. He felt so cas’ down dat he didn’ notice a nigger man comin’ long de road ’til he got right close up on ’im, an’ didn’ heah dis man w’en he said ‘Hoddy’ ter ’im.</p>
				<p>“ ‘Wat’s de matter wid yer?’ said de yuther man w’en Ben didn’ ’spon’. ‘Wat jedge er member er de legislater er hotel-keeper does you b’long ter dat you can’t speak ter a man w’en he says hoddy ter yer?’</p>
				<p>“Ben kinder come ter hisse’f an’ seed it wuz Primus, who b’long ter his marster an’ knowed ’im as well as anybody. But befo’ he could git de words out’n his mouf Primus went on talkin’.</p>
				<p>“ ‘Youer de mos’ mis’able lookin’ merlatter I eber seed. Dem rags look lak dey be’n run th’oo a sawmill. My marster doan ’low no strange niggers roun’ dis yer plantation, an’ yo’ better take yo’ yaller hide ’way f’um yer as fas’ as yo’ kin.’</p>
				<p>“Jes den somebody hollered on de yuther side er de crick, an’ Primus stahted off on a run, so Ben didn’ hab no chance ter say no mo’ ter ’im.</p>
				<p>“Ben almos’ ’lowed he wuz gwine out’n’ his min’, he wuz so ’stonished an’ mazed at none er dese yer folks reco’nizin’ ’im. He went back in de woods ag’in an’ stayed dere all day, wond’rin’ w’at he wuz gwineter do. Oncet er twicet he seed folks comin’ ’long de road, an’ stahted out ter speak ter ’em, but changed his min’ an’ slip’ back ag’in.</p>
				<p>“Co’se ef Mars Marrabo had been huntin’ Ben he would ’a’ foun’ ’im. But he had long sence los’ all hope er seein’ im ag’in, an’ so nobody didn’ ’sturb Ben in de woods. He stayed hid a day er two mo’ an’ den he got so lonesome an’ homesick fer Dasdy an’ little Pete an’ de yuther dahkies⁠—somebody ter talk ter⁠—dat he jes’ made up his min’ ter go right up ter de house an’ gib hisse’f up an’ take his med’cine. Mars Marrabo couldn’ do nuffin’ mo’ d’n kill ’im an’ he mought’s well be dead as hidin’ in de woods wid nobody ter talk ter er look at ner nuffin’. He had jes’ come out ’n de woods an’ stahted up dis ve’y road, w’en who sh’d come ’long in a hoss ’n buggy but ole Mars Marrabo, drivin’ ober ter dat yuther brickyahd youer gwinter see now. Ben run out ’n de woods, and fell down on his knees in de road right in front er Mars Marrabo. Mars Marrabo had to pull on de lines an’ hoi’ de hoss up ter keep ’im f’um runnin’ ober Ben.</p>
				<p>“ ‘Git out’n de road, you fool nigger,’ says Mars Marrabo, ‘does yer wanter git run ober? Whose nigger is you, anyhow?’</p>
				<p>“ ‘I’s yo’ nigger, Mars Marrabo; doan yer know Ben, w’at runned erway?’</p>
				<p>“ ‘Yas, I knows my Ben w’at runned erway. Does you know whar he is?’</p>
				<p>“ ‘Why, I’s yo’ Ben, Mars Marrabo. Doan yer know me, marster?’</p>
				<p>“ ‘No, I doan know yer, yer yaller rascal! W’at de debbil yer mean by tellin’ me sich a lie? Ben wuz black ez a coal an’ straight ez an’ arrer. Youer yaller ez dat clay-bank, an’ crooked ez a bair’l-hoop. I reckon youer some ’stracted nigger, tun’t out by some marster w’at doan wanter take keer er yer. You git off’n my plantation, an’ doan show yo’ clay-cullud hide aroun’ yer no more, er I’ll hab yer sent ter jail an’ whip.’</p>
				<p>“Mars Marrabo drove erway an’ lef’ po’ Ben mo’ dead ’n alive. He crep’ back in de bushes an’ laid down an’ wep’ lak a baby. He didn’ hab no wife, no chile, no frien’s, no marster⁠—he’d be’n willin’ ernuff to git ’long widout a marster, w’en he had one, but it ’peared lak a sin fer his own marster ter ’ny ’im an’ cas’ ’im off dat-a-way. It ’peared ter ’im he mought jes’ ez well be dead ez livin’, fer he wuz all alone in de worl’, wid nowhar ter go, an’ nobody didn’ hab nuffin’ ter say ter ’im but ter ’buse ’im an’ drive ’im erway.</p>
				<p>“Atter he got ober his grievin’ spell he ’mence ter wonder w’at Mars Marrabo meant by callin’ ’im yaller, an’ ez long ez nobody didn’ seem ter keer whuther dey seed ’im er not, he went down by de crick in broad daylight, an’ kneel down by de water an’ looked at his face. Fus’ he didn’ reco’nize hisse’f an’ glanshed back ter see ef dey wa’n’t somebody lookin’ ober his shoulder⁠—but dey wa’n’t. An’ w’en he looked back in de water he seed de same thing⁠—he wa’n’t black no mo’, but had turnt ter a light yaller.</p>
				<p>“Ben didn’ knowed w’at ter make er it fer a minute er so. Fus’ he ’lowed he must hab de yaller fever, er de yaller janders, er sump’n lak dat’! But he had knowed rale dark folks ter hab janders befo’, and it hadn’t nebber ’fected ’em dat-a-way. But bimeby he got up o’ff’n ’is han’s an’ knees an’ wuz stan’in’ lookin’ ober de crick at de clay-bank, an’ wond’rin ef de clay he’d b’en eat’n’ hadn’ turnt ’im yaller w’en he heared sump’n say jes’ ez plain ez wo’ds.</p>
				<p>“ ‘Turnt ter clay! turnt ter clay! turnt ter clay!’</p>
				<p>“He looked all roun’, but he couldn’ see nobody but a big bullfrog settin’ on a log on de yuther side er de crick. An’ w’en he turnt roun’ an’ sta’ted back in de woods, he heared de same thing behin’ ’im.</p>
				<p>“ ‘Turnt ter clay! turnt ter clay! turnt ter clay!’</p>
				<p>“Dem wo’ds kep’ ringin’ in ’is yeahs ’til he fin’lly ’lowed dey wuz boun’ ter be so, er e’se dey wouldn’ a b’en tol ter ’im, an’ dat he had libbed on clay so long an’ had eat so much, dat he must ’a’ jes nach’ly turnt ter clay!”</p>
				<blockquote epub:type="z3998:verse z3998:non-fiction">
					<p>
						<span>“Imperious Caesar, turned to clay,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Might stop a hole to keep the wind away,”</span>
					</p>
				</blockquote>
				<p>I murmured parenthentically.</p>
				<p>“Yas, suh,” said the old man, “turnt ter clay. But you’s mistook in de name, suh; hit wuz Ben, you ’member, not Caesar. Ole Mars Marrabo did hab a nigger name’ Caesar, but dat wuz anudder one.”</p>
				<p>“Don’t interrupt him, John,” said my wife impatiently. “What happened then, Julius?”</p>
				<p>“Well, po’ Ben didn’ know w’at ter do. He had be’n lonesome ernuff befo’, but now he didn’ eben hab his own se’f ter ’so’ciate wid, fer he felt mo’ lak a stranger ’n he did lak Ben. In a day er so mo’ he ’mence ter wonder whuther he wuz libbin’ er not. He had hearn ’bout folks turnin’ ter clay w’en dey wuz dead, an’ he ’lowed maybe he wuz dead an’ didn’ knowed it, an’ dat wuz de reason w’y eve’body run erway f’m ’im an’ wouldn’ hab nuffin’ ter do wid ’im. An’ ennyhow, he ’lowed ef he wa’n’t dead, he mought’s well be. He wande’ed roun’ a day er so mo’, an’ fin’lly de lonesomeness, an’ de sleepin’ out in de woods, ’mongs’ de snakes an’ sco’pions, an’ not habbin’ nuffin’ fit ter eat, ’mence ter tell on him, mo’ an’ mo’, an’ he kep’ gittin’ weakah an’ weakah ’til one day, w’en he went down by de crick fer ter git a drink er water, he foun’ his limbs gittin’ so stiff hit ’uz all he could do ter crawl up on de bank an’ lay down in de sun. He laid dere ’til he died, an’ de sun beat down on ’im, an’ beat down on ’im, an’ beat down on ’im, fer th’ee er fo’ days, ’til it baked ’im as ha’d as a brick. An’ den a big win’ come erlong an’ blowed a tree down, an’ it fell on ’im an’ smashed ’im all ter pieces, an’ groun’ ’im ter powder. An’ den a big rain come erlong, an’ washed ’im in de crick, ’an eber sence den de water in dat crick’s b’en jes’ as yer sees it now. An dat wuz de een’ er po’ lonesome Ben, an’ dat’s de reason w’y I knows dat clay’ll make brick an’ w’y I doan nebber lak ter see no black folks eat’n it.”</p>
				<p>My wife came of a family of reformers, who could never contemplate an evil without seeking an immediate remedy. When I decided that the bank of edible clay was not fit for brickmaking, she asked me if I would not have it carted away, suggesting at the same time that it could be used to fill a low place in another part of the plantation.</p>
				<p>“It would be too expensive,” I said.</p>
				<p>“Oh, no,” she replied, “I don’t think so. I have been talking with Uncle Julius about it, and he says he has a nephew who is out of employment, and who will take the contract for ten dollars, if you will furnish the mule and cart, and board him while the job lasts.”</p>
				<p>As I had no desire to add another permanent member to my household, I told her it would be useless; that if the people did not get clay there they would find it elsewhere, and perhaps an inferior quality which might do greater harm, and that the best way to stop them from eating it was to teach them self-respect, when she had opportunity, and those habits of industry and thrift whereby they could get their living from the soil in a manner less direct but more commendable.</p>
			</section>
		</article>
	</body>
</html>
