<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>Mars Jeems’s Nightmare</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section id="mars-jeemss-nightmare" epub:type="volume se:short-story">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Mars Jeems’s Nightmare</h2>
			<p>We found old Julius very useful when we moved to our new residence. He had a thorough knowledge of the neighborhood, was familiar with the roads and the watercourses, knew the qualities of the various soils and what they would produce, and where the best hunting and fishing were to be had. He was a marvelous hand in the management of horses and dogs, with whose mental processes he manifested a greater familiarity than mere use would seem to account for, though it was doubtless due to the simplicity of a life that had kept him close to nature. Toward my tract of land and the things that were on it⁠—the creeks, the swamps, the hills, the meadows, the stones, the trees⁠—he maintained a peculiar personal attitude, that might be called predial rather than proprietary. He had been accustomed, until long after middle life, to look upon himself as the property of another. When this relation was no longer possible, owing to the war, and to his master’s death and the dispersion of the family, he had been unable to break off entirely the mental habits of a lifetime, but had attached himself to the old plantation, of which he seemed to consider himself an appurtenance. We found him useful in many ways and entertaining in others, and my wife and I took quite a fancy to him.</p>
			<p>Shortly after we became established in our home on the sand-hills, Julius brought up to the house one day a colored boy of about seventeen, whom he introduced as his grandson, and for whom he solicited employment. I was not favorably impressed by the youth’s appearance⁠—quite the contrary, in fact; but mainly to please the old man I hired Tom⁠—his name was Tom⁠—to help about the stables, weed the garden, cut wood and bring water, and in general to make himself useful about the outdoor work of the household.</p>
			<p>My first impression of Tom proved to be correct. He turned out to be very trifling, and I was much annoyed by his laziness, his carelessness, and his apparent lack of any sense of responsibility. I kept him longer than I should, on Julius’s account, hoping that he might improve; but he seemed to grow worse instead of better, and when I finally reached the limit of my patience, I discharged him.</p>
			<p>“I am sorry, Julius,” I said to the old man; “I should have liked to oblige you by keeping him; but I can’t stand Tom any longer. He is absolutely untrustworthy.”</p>
			<p>“Yas, suh,” replied Julius, with a deep sigh and a long shake of the head, “I knows he ain’ much account, en dey ain’ much ’pen’ence ter be put on ’im. But I wuz hopin’ dat you mought make some ’lowance fuh a’ ign’ant young nigger, suh, en gib ’im one mo’ chance.”</p>
			<p>But I had hardened my heart. I had always been too easily imposed upon, and had suffered too much from this weakness. I determined to be firm as a rock in this instance.</p>
			<p>“No, Julius,” I rejoined decidedly, “it is impossible. I gave him more than a fair trial, and he simply won’t do.”</p>
			<p>When my wife and I set out for our drive in the cool of the evening⁠—afternoon is “evening” in Southern parlance⁠—one of the servants put into the rock-away two large earthenware jugs. Our drive was to be down through the swamp to the mineral spring at the foot of the sand-hills beyond. The water of this spring was strongly impregnated with sulphur and iron, and, while not particularly agreeable of smell or taste, was used by us, in moderation, for sanitary reasons.</p>
			<p>When we reached the spring, we found a man engaged in cleaning it out. In answer to an inquiry he said that if we would wait five or ten minutes, his task would be finished and the spring in such condition that we could fill our jugs. We might have driven on, and come back by way of the spring, but there was a bad stretch of road beyond, and we concluded to remain where we were until the spring should be ready. We were in a cool and shady place. It was often necessary to wait awhile in North Carolina; and our Northern energy had not been entirely proof against the influences of climate and local custom.</p>
			<p>While we sat there, a man came suddenly around a turn of the road ahead of us. I recognized in him a neighbor with whom I had exchanged formal calls. He was driving a horse, apparently a high-spirited creature, possessing, so far as I could see at a glance, the marks of good temper and good breeding; the gentleman, I had heard it suggested, was slightly deficient in both. The horse was rearing and plunging, and the man was beating him furiously with a buggy-whip. When he saw us, he flushed a fiery red, and, as he passed, held the reins with one hand, at some risk to his safety, lifted his hat, and bowed somewhat constrainedly as the horse darted by us, still panting and snorting with fear.</p>
			<p>“He looks as though he were ashamed of himself,” I observed.</p>
			<p>“I’m sure he ought to be,” exclaimed my wife indignantly. “I think there is no worse sin and no more disgraceful thing than cruelty.”</p>
			<p>“I quite agree with you,” I assented.</p>
			<p>“A man w’at ’buses his hoss is gwine ter be ha’d on de folks w’at wuks fer ’im,” remarked Julius. “Ef young Mistah McLean doan min’, he’ll hab a bad dream one er dese days, des lack ’is grandaddy had way back yander, long yeahs befo’ de wah.”</p>
			<p>“What was it about <abbr>Mr.</abbr> McLean’s dream, Julius?” I asked. The man had not yet finished cleaning the spring, and we might as well put in time listening to Julius as in any other way. We had found some of his plantation tales quite interesting.</p>
			<p>“Mars Jeems McLean,” said Julius, “wuz de grandaddy er dis yer gent’eman w’at is des gone by us beatin’ his hoss. He had a big plantation en a heap er niggers. Mars Jeems wuz a ha’d man, en monst’us stric’ wid his han’s. Eber sence he growed up he nebber ’peared ter hab no feelin’ fer nobody. W’en his daddy, ole Mars John McLean, died, de plantation en all de niggers fell ter young Mars Jeems. He had be’n bad ’nuff befo’, but it wa’n’t long atterwa’ds ’tel he got so dey wuz no use in libbin’ at all ef you ha’ ter lib roun’ Mars Jeems. His niggers wuz bleedzd ter slabe fum daylight ter da’k, w’iles yuther folks’s didn’ hafter wuk ’cep’n’ fum sun ter sun; en dey didn’ git no mo’ ter eat dan dey oughter, en dat de coa’ses’ kin’. Dey wa’n’t ’lowed ter sing, ner dance, ner play de banjo w’en Mars Jeems wuz roun’ de place; fer Mars Jeems say he wouldn’ hab no sech gwines-on⁠—said he bought his han’s ter wuk, en not ter play, en w’en night come dey mus’ sleep en res’, so dey’d be ready ter git up soon in de mawnin’ en go ter dey wuk fresh en strong.</p>
			<p>“Mars Jeems didn’ ’low no co’tin’ er juneseyin’ roun’ his plantation⁠—said he wanted his niggers ter put dey min’s on dey wuk, en not be wastin’ dey time wid no sech foolis’ness. En he wouldn’ let his han’s git married⁠—said he wuzn’ raisin’ niggers, but wuz raisin’ cotton. En w’eneber any er de boys en gals ’ud ’mence ter git sweet on one ernudder, he’d sell one er de yuther un ’em, er sen’ ’em way down in Robeson County ter his yuther plantation, whar dey couldn’ nebber see one ernudder.</p>
			<p>“Ef any er de niggers eber complained, dey got fo’ty; so co’se dey didn’ many un ’em complain. But dey didn’ lack it, des de same, en nobody couldn’ blame ’em, fer dey had a ha’d time. Mars Jeems didn’ make no ’lowance fer nachul bawn laz’ness, ner sickness, ner trouble in de min’, ner nuffin; he wuz des gwine ter git so much wuk outer eve’y han’, er know de reason w’y.</p>
			<p>“Dey wuz one time de niggers ’lowed, fer a spell, dat Mars Jeems mought git bettah. He tuk a lackin’ ter Mars Marrabo McSwayne’s oldes’ gal, Miss Libbie, en useter go ober dere eve’y day er eve’y ebenin’, en folks said dey wuz gwine ter git married sho’. But it ’pears dat Miss Libbie heared ’bout de gwineson on Mars Jeems’s plantation, en she des ’lowed she couldn’ trus’ herse’f wid no sech a man; dat he mought git so useter ’busin’ his niggers dat he’d ’mence ter ’buse his wife atter he got useter habbin’ her roun’ de house. So she ’clared she wuzn’ gwine ter hab nuffin mo’ ter do wid young Mars Jeems.</p>
			<p>“De niggers wuz all monst’us sorry w’en de match wuz bust’ up, fer now Mars Jeems got wusser ’n he wuz befo’ he sta’ted sweethea’tin’. De time he useter spen’ co’tin’ Miss Libbie he put in findin’ fault wid de niggers, en all his bad feelin’s ’ca’se Miss Libbie th’owed ’im ober he ’peared ter try ter wuk off on de po’ niggers.</p>
			<p>“W’iles Mars Jeems wuz co’tin’ Miss Libbie, two er de han’s on de plantation had got ter settin’ a heap er sto’ by one ernudder. One un ’em wuz name’ Solomon, en de yuther wuz a ’oman w’at wukked in de fiel’ ’long er ’im⁠—I fe’git dat ’oman’s name, but it doan ’mount ter much in de tale nohow. Now, whuther ’ca’se Mars Jeems wuz so tuk up wid his own junesey dat he didn’ paid no ’tention fer a w’ile ter w’at wuz gwine on ’twix’ Solomon en his junesey, er whuther his own co’tin’ made ’im kin’ er easy on de co’tin’ in de qua’ters, dey ain’ no tellin’. But dey’s one thing sho’, dat w’en Miss Libbie th’owed ’im ober, he foun’ out ’bout Solomon en de gal monst’us quick, en gun Solomon fo’ty, en sont de gal down ter de Robeson County plantation, en tol’ all de niggers ef he ketch ’em at any mo’ sech foolishness, he wuz gwine ter skin ’em alibe en tan dey hides befo’ dey ve’y eyes. Co’se he wouldn’ ’a’ done it, but he mought ’a’ made things wusser ’n dey wuz. So you kin ’magine dey wa’n’t much lub-makin’ in de qua’ters fer a long time.</p>
			<p>“Mars Jeems useter go down ter de yuther plantation sometimes fer a week er mo’, en so he had ter hab a oberseah ter look atter his wuk w’iles he ’uz gone. Mars Jeems’s oberseah wuz a po’ w’ite man name’ Nick Johnson⁠—de niggers called ’im Mars Johnson ter his face, but behin’ his back dey useter call ’im Ole Nick, en de name suited ’im ter a T. He wuz wusser ’n Mars Jeems ever da’ed ter be. Co’se de darkies didn’ lack de way Mars Jeems used ’em, but he wuz de marster, en had a right ter do ez he please’; but dis yer Ole Nick wa’n’t nuffin but a po’ buckrah, en all de niggers ’spised ’im ez much ez dey hated ’im, fer he didn’ own nobody, en wa’n’t no bettah ’n a nigger, fer in dem days any ’spectable pusson would ruther be a nigger dan a po’ w’ite man.</p>
			<p>“Now, atter Solomon’s gal had be’n sont away, he kep’ feelin’ mo’ en mo’ bad erbout it, ’tel fin’lly he ’lowed he wuz gwine ter see ef dey couldn’ be sump’n done fer ter git ’er back, en ter make Mars Jeems treat de darkies bettah. So he tuk a peck er co’n out’n de ba’n one night, en went ober ter see ole Aun’ Peggy, de free-nigger cunjuh ’oman down by de Wim’l’ton Road.</p>
			<p>“Aun’ Peggy listen’ ter ’is tale, en ax’ him some queshtuns, en den tol’ ’im she’d wuk her roots, en see w’at dey’d say ’bout it, en ter-morrer night he sh’d come back ag’in en fetch ernudder peck er co’n, en den she’d hab sump’n fer ter tell ’im.</p>
			<p>“So Solomon went back de nex’ night, en sho’ ’nuff, Aun’ Peggy tol’ ’im w’at ter do. She gun ’im some stuff w’at look’ lack it be’n made by poundin’ up some roots en yarbs wid a pestle in a mo’tar.</p>
			<p>“ ‘Dis yer stuff,’ sez she, ‘is monst’us pow’ful kin’ er goopher. You take dis home, en gin it ter de cook, ef you kin trus’ her, en tell her fer ter put it in yo’ marster’s soup de fus’ cloudy day he hab okra soup fer dinnah. Min’ you follers de d’rections.’</p>
			<p>“ ‘It ain’ gwineter p’isen ’im, is it?’ ax’ Solomon, gittin’ kin’ er skeered; fer Solomon wuz a good man, en didn’ want ter do nobody no rale ha’m.</p>
			<p>“ ‘Oh, no,’ sez ole Aun’ Peggy, ‘it’s gwine ter do ’im good, but he’ll hab a monst’us bad dream fus’. A mont’ fum now you come down heah en lemme know how de goopher is wukkin’. Fer I ain’ done much er dis kin’ er cunj’in’ er late yeahs, en I has ter kinder keep track un it ter see dat it doan ’complish no mo’ d’n I ’lows fer it ter do. En I has ter be kinder keerful ’bout cunj’in’ w’ite folks; so be sho’ en lemme know, w’ateber you do, des w’at is gwine on roun’ de plantation.’</p>
			<p>“So Solomon say all right, en tuk de goopher mixtry up ter de big house en gun it ter de cook, en tol’ her fer ter put it in Mars Jeems’s soup de fus’ cloudy day she hab okra soup fer dinnah. It happen’ dat de ve’y nex’ day wuz a cloudy day, en so de cook made okra soup fer Mars Jeems’s dinnah, en put de powder Solomon gun her inter de soup, en made de soup rale good, so Mars Jeems eat a whole lot of it en ’peared ter enjoy it.</p>
			<p>“De nex’ mawnin’ Mars Jeems tol’ de oberseah he wuz gwine ’way on some bizness, en den he wuz gwine ter his yuther plantation, down in Robeson County, en he didn’ ’spec’ he’d be back fer a mont’ er so.</p>
			<p>“But,’ sezee, ‘I wants you ter run dis yer plantation fer all it’s wuth. Dese yer niggers is gittin’ monst’us triflin’ en lazy en keerless, en dey ain’ no ’pen’ence ter be put in ’em. I wants dat stop’, en w’iles I’m gone erway I wants de ’spenses cut ’way down en a heap mo’ wuk done. Fac’, I wants dis yer plantation ter make a reco’d dat’ll show w’at kinder oberseah you is.’</p>
			<p>“Ole Nick didn’ said nuffin but ‘Yas, suh,’ but de way he kinder grin’ ter hisse’f en show’ his big yaller teef, en snap’ de rawhide he useter kyar roun’ wid ’im, made col’ chills run up and down de backbone er dem niggers w’at heared Mars Jeems a-talkin’. En dat night dey wuz mo’nin’ en groanin’ down in de qua’ters, fer de niggers all knowed w’at wuz comin’.</p>
			<p>“So, sho’ ’nuff, Mars Jeems went erway nex’ mawnin’, en de trouble begun. Mars Johnson sta’ted off de ve’y fus’ day fer ter see w’at he could hab ter show Mars Jeems w’en he come back. He made de tasks bigger en de rashuns littler, en w’en de niggers had wukked all day, he’d fin’ sump’n fer ’em ter do roun’ de ba’n er som’ers atter da’k, fer ter keep ’em busy a’ hour er so befo’ dey went ter sleep.</p>
			<p>“About th’ee er fo’ days atter Mars Jeems went erway, young Mars Dunkin McSwayne rode up ter de big house one day wid a nigger settin’ behin’ ’im in de buggy, tied ter de seat, en ax’ ef Mars Jeems wuz home. Mars Johnson wuz at de house, and he say no.</p>
			<p>“ ‘Well,’ sez Mars Dunkin, sezee, ‘I fotch dis nigger ober ter Mistah McLean fer ter pay a bet I made wid ’im las’ week w’en we wuz playin’ kya’ds te’gedder. I bet ’im a nigger man, en heah’s one I reckon’ll fill de bill. He wuz tuk up de yuther day fer a stray nigger, en he couldn’ gib no ’count er hisse’f, en so he wuz sol’ at oction, en I bought ’im. He’s kinder brash, but I knows yo’ powers, Mistah Johnson, en I reckon ef anybody kin make ’im toe de ma’k, you is de man.’</p>
			<p>“Mars Johnson grin’ one er dem grins w’at show’ all his snaggle teef, en make de niggers ’low he look lack de ole debbil, en sezee ter Mars Dunkin:⁠—</p>
			<p>“ ‘I reckon you kin trus’ me, Mistah Dunkin, fer ter tame any nigger wuz eber bawn. De nigger doan lib w’at I can’t take down in ’bout fo’ days.’</p>
			<p>“Well, Ole Nick had ’is han’s full long er dat noo nigger; en w’iles de res’ er de darkies wuz sorry fer de po’ man, dey ’lowed he kep’ Mars Johnson so busy dat dey got along better ’n dey’d ’a’ done ef de noo nigger had nebber come.</p>
			<p>“De fus’ thing dat happen’, Mars Johnson sez ter dis yer noo man:⁠—</p>
			<p>“ ‘W’at’s yo’ name, Sambo?’</p>
			<p>“ ‘My name ain’ Sambo,’ ’spon’ de noo nigger.</p>
			<p>“ ‘Did I ax you w’at yo’ name wa’n’t?’ sez Mars Johnson. ‘You wants ter be pa’tic’lar how you talks ter me. Now, w’at is yo’ name, en whar did you come fum?’</p>
			<p>“ ‘I dunno my name,’ sez de nigger, ‘en I doan ’member whar I come fum. My head is all kin’ er mix’ up.’</p>
			<p>“ ‘Yas,’ sez Mars Johnson, ‘I reckon I’ll ha’ ter gib you sump’n fer ter cl’ar yo’ head. At de same time, it’ll l’arn you some manners, en atter dis mebbe you’ll say “suh” w’en you speaks ter me.’</p>
			<p>“Well, Mars Johnson haul’ off wid his rawhide en hit de noo nigger once. De noo man look’ at Mars Johnson fer a minute ez ef he didn’ know w’at ter make er dis yer kin’ er l’arnin’. But w’en de oberseah raise’ his w’ip ter hit him ag’in, de noo nigger des haul’ off en made fer Mars Johnson, en ef some er de yuther niggers hadn’ stop’ ’im, it ’peared ez ef he mought ’a’ made it wa’m fer Ole Nick dere fer a w’ile. But de oberseah made de yuther niggers he’p tie de noo nigger up, en den gun ’im fo’ty, wid a dozen er so th’owed in fer good measure, fer Ole Nick wuz nebber stingy wid dem kin’ er rashuns. De nigger went on at a tarrable rate, des lack a wil’ man, but co’se he wuz bleedzd ter take his med’cine, fer he wuz tied up en couldn’ he’p his-se’f.</p>
			<p>“Mars Johnson lock’ de noo nigger up in de ba’n, en didn’ gib ’im nuffin ter eat fer a day er so, ’tel he got ’im kin’er quiet’ down, en den he tu’nt ’im loose en put ’im ter wuk. De nigger ’lowed he wa’n’t useter wukkin’, en wouldn’ wuk, en Mars Johnson gun ’im anudder fo’ty fer laziness en impidence, en let ’im fas’ a day er so mo’, en den put ’im ter wuk ag’in. De nigger went ter wuk, but didn’ ’pear ter know how ter han’le a hoe. It tuk des ’bout half de oberseah’s time lookin’ atter ’im, en dat po’ nigger got mo’ lashin’s en cussin’s en cuffin’s dan any fo’ yuthers on de plantation. He didn’ mix’ wid ner talk much ter de res’ er de niggers, en couldn’ ’pear ter git it th’oo his min’ dat he wuz a slabe en had ter wuk en min’ de w’ite folks, spite er de fac’ dat Ole Nick gun ’im a lesson eve’y day. En fin’lly Mars Johnson ’lowed dat he couldn’ do nuffin wid ’im; dat ef he wuz his nigger, he’d break his sperrit er break ’is neck, one er de yuther. But co’se he wuz only sont ober on trial, en ez he didn’ gib sat’sfaction, en he hadn’ heared fum Mars Jeems ’bout w’en he wuz comin’ back; en ez he wuz feared he’d git mad some time er ’nuther en kill de nigger befo’ he knowed it, he ’lowed he’d better sen’ ’im back whar he come fum. So he tied ’im up en sont ’im back ter Mars Dunkin.</p>
			<p>“Now, Mars Dunkin McSwayne wuz one er dese yer easy-gwine gent’emen w’at didn’ lack ter hab no trouble wid niggers er nobody e’se, en he knowed ef Mars Ole Nick couldn’ git ’long wid dis nigger, nobody could. So he tuk de nigger ter town dat same day, en sol’ ’im ter a trader w’at wuz gittin’ up a gang er lackly niggers fer ter ship off on de steamboat ter go down de ribber ter Wim’l’ton en fum dere ter Noo Orleens.</p>
			<p>“De nex’ day atter de noo man had be’n sont away, Solomon wuz wukkin’ in de cotton-fiel’, en w’en he got ter de fence nex’ ter de woods, at de een’ er de row, who sh’d he see on de yuther side but ole Aun’ Peggy. She beckon’ ter ’im⁠—de oberseah wuz down on de yuther side er de fiel’⁠—en sez she:⁠—</p>
			<p>“ ‘W’y ain’ you done come en ’po’ted ter me lack I tol’ you?’</p>
			<p>“ ‘W’y, law! Aun’ Peggy,’ sez Solomon, ’dey ain’ nuffin ter ’po’t. Mars Jeems went away de day atter we gun ’im de goopher mixtry, en we ain’ seed hide ner hair un ’im sence, en co’se we doan know nuffin ’bout w’at ’fec’ it had on ’im.’</p>
			<p>“ ‘I doan keer nuffin ’bout yo’ Mars Jeems now; w’at I wants ter know is w’at is be’n gwine on ’mongs’ de niggers. Has you be’n gittin’ ’long any better on de plantation?’</p>
			<p>“ ‘No, Aun’ Peggy, we be’n gittin’ ’long wusser. Mars Johnson is stric’er ’n he eber wuz befo’, en de po’ niggers doan ha’dly git time ter draw dey bref, en dey ’lows dey mought des ez well be dead ez alibe.’</p>
			<p>“ ‘Uh huh!’ sez Aun’ Peggy, sez she, ‘I tol’ you dat ’uz monst’us pow’ful goopher, en its wuk doan ’pear all at once.’</p>
			<p>“ ‘Long ez we had dat noo nigger heah,’ Solomon went on, ‘he kep’ Mars Johnson busy pa’t er de time; but now he’s gone erway, I s’pose de res’ un us’ll ketch it wusser ’n eber.’</p>
			<p>“ ‘W’at’s gone wid de noo nigger?’ sez Aun’ Peggy, rale quick, battin’ her eyes en straight’nin’ up.</p>
			<p>“ ‘Ole Nick done sont ’im back ter Mars Dunkin, who had fotch ’im heah fer ter pay a gamblin’ debt ter Mars Jeems,’ sez Solomon, ‘en I heahs Mars Dunkin has sol’ ’im ter a nigger-trader up in Patesville, w’at’s gwine ter ship ’im off wid a gang ter-morrer.’</p>
			<p>“Ole Aun’ Peggy ’peared ter git rale stirred up w’en Solomon tol’ ’er dat, en sez she, shakin’ her stick at ’im:⁠—</p>
			<p>“ ‘W’y didn’ you come en tell me ’bout dis noo nigger bein’ sol’ erway? Didn’ you promus me, ef I’d gib you dat goopher, you’d come en ’po’t ter me ’bout all w’at wuz gwine on on dis plantation Co’se I could ’a’ foun’ out fer myse’f, but I ’pended on yo’ tellin’ me, en now by not doin’ it I’s feared you gwine spile my cunj’in’. You come down ter my house ter-night en do w’at I tells you, er I’ll put a spell on you dat’ll make yo’ ha’r fall out so you’ll be bal’, en yo’ eyes drap out so you can’t see, en yo teef fall out so you can’t eat, en yo’ years grow up so you can’t heah. W’en you is foolin’ wid a cunjuh ’oman lack me, you got ter min’ yo’ P’s en Q’s er dey’ll be trouble sho’ ’nuff.’</p>
			<p>“So co’se Solomon went down ter Aun’ Peggy’s dat night, en she gun ’im a roasted sweet’n’ ’tater.</p>
			<p>“ ‘You take dis yer sweet’n’ ’tater,’ sez she⁠—‘I done goophered it ’speshly fer dat noo nigger, so you better not eat it yo’se’f er you’ll wush you hadn’⁠—en slip off ter town, en fin’ dat strange man, en gib ’im dis yer sweet’n’ ’tater. He mus’ eat it befo’ mawnin’, sho’, ef he doan wanter be sol’ erway ter Noo Orleens.’</p>
			<p>“ ‘But s’posen de patteroles ketch me, Aun’ Peggy, w’at I gwine ter do?’ sez Solomon.</p>
			<p>“ ‘De patteroles ain’ gwine tech you, but ef you doan fin’ dat nigger, <em>I’m</em> gwine git you, en you’ll fin’ me wusser ’n de patteroles. Des hol’ on a minute, en I’ll sprinkle you wid some er dis mixtry out’n dis yer bottle, so de patteroles can’t see you, en you kin rub yo’ feet wid some er dis yer grease out’n dis go’d, so you kin run fas’, en rub some un it on yo’ eyes so you kin see in de da’k; en den you mus’ fin’ dat noo nigger en gib ’im dis yer ’tater, er you gwine ter hab mo’ trouble on yo’ ban’s ’n you eber had befo’ in yo’ life er eber will hab sence.’</p>
			<p>“So Solomon tuk de sweet’n’ ’tater en sta’ted up de road fas’ ez he could go, en befo’ long he retch’ town. He went right ’long by de patteroles, en dey didn’ ’pear ter notice ’im, en bimeby he foun’ whar de strange nigger was kep’, en he walked right pas’ de gyard at de do’ en foun’ ’im. De nigger couldn’ see ’im, ob co’se, en he couldn’ ’a’ seed de nigger in de da’k, ef it hadn’ be’n fer de stuff Aun’ Peggy gun ’im ter rub on ’is eyes. De nigger wuz layin’ in a co’nder, ’sleep, en Solomon des slip’ up ter ’im, en hilt dat sweet’n’ ’tater ’fo’ de nigger’s nose, en he des nach’ly retch’ up wid his han’, en tuk de ’tater en eat it in his sleep, widout knowin’ it. Wen Solomon seed he’d done eat de ’tater, he went back en tol’ Aun’ Peggy, en den went home ter his cabin ter sleep, ’way ’long ’bout two o’clock in de mawnin’.</p>
			<p>“De nex’ day wuz Sunday, en so de niggers had a little time ter deyse’ves. Solomon wuz kinder ’sturb’ in his min’ thinkin’ ’bout his junesey w’at ’uz gone away, en wond’rin’ w’at Aun’ Peggy had ter do wid dat noo nigger; en he had sa’ntered up in de woods so ’s ter be by hisse’f a little, en at de same time ter look atter a rabbit-trap he’d sot down in de aidge er de swamp, w’en who sh’d he see stan’in’ unner a tree but a w’ite man.</p>
			<p>“Solomon didn’ knowed de w’ite man at fus’, ’tel de w’ite man spoke up ter ’im.</p>
			<p>“ ‘Is dat you, Solomon?’ sezee.</p>
			<p>“Den Solomon reco’nized de voice.</p>
			<p>“ ‘Fer de Lawd’s sake, Mars Jeems! is dat you?’</p>
			<p>“ ‘Yas, Solomon,’ sez his marster, ‘dis is me, er w’at’s lef er me.’</p>
			<p>“It wa’n’t no wonder Solomon hadn’ knowed Mars Jeems at fus’, fer he wuz dress’ lack a po’ w’ite man, en wuz barefooted, en look’ monst’us pale en peaked, ez ef he’d des come th’oo a ha’d spell er sickness.</p>
			<p>“ ‘You er lookin’ kinder po’ly, Mars Jeems,’ sez Solomon. ‘Is you be’n sick, suh?’</p>
			<p>“ ‘No, Solomon,’ sez Mars Jeems, shakin’ his head, en speakin’ sorter slow en sad, ‘I ain’ be’n sick, but I’s had a monst’us bad dream⁠—fac’, a reg’lar, nach’ul nightmare. But tell me how things has be’n gwine on up ter de plantation sence I be’n gone, Solomon.’</p>
			<p>“So Solomon up en tol’ ’im ’bout de craps, en ’bout de hosses en de mules, en ’bout de cows en de hawgs. En w’en he ’mence’ ter tell ’bout de noo nigger, Mars Jeems prick’ up ’is yeahs en listen’, en eve’y now en den he’d say, ‘Uh huh! uh huh!’ en nod ’is head. En bimeby, w’en he’d ax’ Solomon some mo’ queshtuns, he sez, sezee:⁠—</p>
			<p>“ ‘Now, Solomon, I doan want you ter say a wo’d ter nobody ’bout meetin’ me heah, but I wants you ter slip up ter de house, en fetch me some clo’s en some shoes⁠—I fergot ter tell you dat a man rob’ me back yander on de road en swap’ clo’s wid me widout axin’ me whuther er no⁠—but you neenter say nuffin ’bout dat, nuther. You go en fetch me some clo’s heah, so nobody won’t see you, en keep yo’ mouf shet, en I’ll gib you a dollah.’</p>
			<p>“Solomon wuz so ’stonish’ he lack ter fell ober in his tracks, w’en Mars Jeems promus’ ter gib ’im a dollah. Dey su’t’nly wuz a change come ober Mars Jeems, w’en he offer’ one er his niggers dat much money. Solomon ’mence’ ter ’spec’ dat Aun’ Peggy’s cunj’ation had be’n wukkin’ monst’us strong.</p>
			<p>“Solomon fotch Mars Jeems some clo’s en shoes, en dat same eb’nin’ Mars Jeems ’peared at de house, en let on lack he des dat minute got home fum Robeson County. Mars Johnson was all ready ter talk ter ’im, but Mars Jeems sont ’im wo’d he wa’n’t feelin’ ve’y well dat night, en he’d see ’im ter-morrer.</p>
			<p>“So nex’ mawnin’ atter breakfus’ Mars Jeems sont fer de oberseah, en ax’ ’im fer ter gib ’count er his styoa’dship. Ole Nick tol’ Mars Jeems how much wuk be’n done, en got de books en showed ’im how much money be’n save’. Den Mars Jeems ax’ ’im how de darkies be’n behabin’, en Mars Johnson say dey be’n behabin’ good, most un ’em, en dem w’at didn’ behabe good at fus’ change dey conduc’ atter he got holt un ’em a time er two.</p>
			<p>“ ‘All,’ sezee, ”cep’n’ de noo nigger Mistah Dunkin fotch ober heah en lef on trial, w’iles you wuz gone.’</p>
			<p>“ ‘Oh, yas,’ ’lows Mars Jeems, ‘tell me all ’bout dat noo nigger. I heared a little ’bout dat quare noo nigger las’ night, en it wuz des too rediklus. Tell me all ’bout dat noo nigger.’</p>
			<p>“So seein’ Mars Jeems so good-na-chu’d ’bout it, Mars Johnson up en tol’ ’im how he tied up de noo ban’ de fus’ day en gun ’im fo’ty ’ca’se he wouldn’ tell ’im ’is name.</p>
			<p>“ ‘Ha, ha, ha!’ sez Mars Jeems, laffin’ fit ter kill, ‘but dat is too funny fer any use. Tell me some mo’ ’bout dat noo nigger.’</p>
			<p>“So Mars Johnson went on en tol’ ’im how he had ter starbe de noo nigger ’fo’ he could make ’im take holt er a hoe.</p>
			<p>“ ‘Dat wuz de beatinis’ notion fer a nigger,’ sez Mars Jeems, ‘puttin’ on airs, des lack he wuz a w’ite man! En I reckon you didn’ do nuffin ter ’im?’</p>
			<p>“ ‘Oh, no, suh,’ sez de oberseah, grinnin’ lack a chessy-cat, ‘I didn’ do nuffin but take de hide off’n ’im.’</p>
			<p>“Mars Jeems lafft en lafft, ’tel it ’peared lack he wuz des gwine ter bu’st. ‘<em>Tell</em> me some mo’ ’bout dat noo nigger, oh, <em>tell</em> me some mo’. Dat noo nigger int’rusts me, he do, en dat is a fac’.’</p>
			<p>“Mars Johnson didn’ quite un’erstan’ w’y Mars Jeems sh’d make sich a great ’miration ’bout de noo nigger, but co’se he want’ ter please de gent’eman w’at hi’ed ’im, en so he ’splain’ all ’bout how many times he had ter cowhide de noo nigger, en how he made ’im do tasks twicet ez big ez some er de yuther han’s, en how he’d chain ’im up in de ba’n at night en feed ’im on co’n-bread en water.</p>
			<p>“ ‘Oh! but you is a monst’us good oberseah; you is de bes’ oberseah in dis county, Mistah Johnson,’ sez Mars Jeems, w’en de oberseah got th’oo wid his tale; ‘en dey ain’ nebber be’n no nigger-breaker lack you roun’ heah befo’. En you desarbes great credit fer sendin’ dat nigger ’way befo’ you sp’ilt ’im fer de market. Fac’, you is sech a monst’us good oberseah, en you is got dis yer plantation in sech fine shape, dat I reckon I doan need you no mo’. You is got dese yer darkies so well train’ dat I ’spec’ I kin run ’em myse’f fum dis time on. But I does wush you had ’a’ hilt on ter dat noo nigger ’tel I got home, fer I’d ’a’ lack ter ’a’ seed ’im, I su’t’nly should.’</p>
			<p>“De oberseah wuz so ’stonish’ he didn’ ha’dly know w’at ter say, but fin’lly he ax’ Mars Jeems ef he wouldn’ gib’im a riccommen’ fer ter git ernudder place.</p>
			<p>“ ‘No, suh,’ sez Mars Jeems, ‘somehow er ’nuther I doan lack yo’ looks sence I come back dis time, en I’d much ruther you wouldn’ stay roun’ heah. Fac’, I’s feared ef I’d meet you alone in de woods some time, I mought wanter ha’m you. But layin’ dat aside, I be’n lookin’ ober dese yer books er yo’n w’at you kep’ w’iles I wuz ’way, en fer a yeah er so back, en dere’s some figgers w’at ain’ des cl’ar ter me. I ain’ got no time fer ter talk ’bout ’em now, but I ’spec’ befo’ I settles wid you fer dis las’ mont’, you better come up heah ter-morrer, atter I’s look’ de books en ’counts ober some mo’, en den we’ll straighten ou’ business all up.’</p>
			<p>“Mars Jeems ’lowed atterwa’ds dat he wuz des shootin’ in de da’k w’en he said dat ’bout de books, but howsomeber, Mars Nick Johnson lef dat naberhood ’twix’ de nex’ two suns, en nobody roun’ dere nebber seed hide ner hair un ’im sence. En all de darkies t’ank de Lawd, en ’lowed it wuz a good riddance er bad rubbage.</p>
			<p>“But all dem things I done tol’ you ain’ nuffin ’side’n de change w’at come ober Mars Jeems fum dat time on. Aun’ Peggy’s goopher had made a noo man un ’im enti’ely. De nex’ day atter he come back, he tol’ de han’s dey neenter wuk on’y fum sun ter sun, en he cut dey tasks down so dey didn’ nobody hab ter stan’ ober ’em wid a rawhide er a hick’ry. En he ’lowed ef de niggers want ter hab a dance in de big ba’n any Sad’day night, dey mought hab it. En bimeby, w’en Solomon seed how good Mars Jeems wuz, he ax’ ’im ef he wouldn’ please sen’ down ter de yuther plantation fer his junesey. Mars Jeems say su’t’nly, en gun Solomon a pass en a note ter de oberseah on de yuther plantation, en sont Solomon down ter Robeson County wid a hoss en buggy fer ter fetch his junesey back. Wen de niggers see how fine Mars Jeems gwine treat ’em, dey all tuk ter sweethea’tin’ en juneseyin’ en singin’ en dancin’, en eight er ten couples got married, en bimeby eve’ybody ’mence’ ter say Mars Jeems McLean got a finer plantation, en slicker-lookin’ niggers, en dat he ’uz makin’ mo’ cotton en co’n, dan any yuther gent’eman in de county. En Mars Jeems’s own junesey, Miss Libbie, heared ’bout de noo gwines-on on Mars Jeems’s plantation, en she change’ her min’ ’bout Mars Jeems en tuk ’im back ag’in, en ’fo’ long dey had a fine weddin’, en all de darkies had a big feas’, en dey wuz fiddlin’ en dancin’ en funnin’ en frolic’in’ fum sundown ’tel mawnin’.”</p>
			<p>“And they all lived happy ever after,” I said, as the old man reached a full stop.</p>
			<p>“Yas, suh,” he said, interpreting my remarks as a question, “dey did. Solomon useter say,” he added, “dat Aun’ Peggy’s goopher had turnt Mars Jeems ter a nigger, en dat dat noo ban’ wuz Mars Jeems hisse’f. But co’se Solomon didn’ das’ ter let on ’bout w’at he ’spicioned, en ole Aun’ Peggy would ’a’ ’nied it ef she had be’n ax’, fer she’d ’a’ got in trouble sho’, ef it ’uz knowed she’d be’n cunj’in’ de w’ite folks.</p>
			<p>“Dis yer tale goes ter show,” concluded Julius sententiously, as the man came up and announced that the spring was ready for us to get water, “dat w’ite folks w’at is so ha’d en stric’, en doan make no ’lowance fer po’ ign’ant niggers w’at ain’ had no chanst ter l’arn, is li’ble ter hab bad dreams, ter say de leas’, en dat dem w’at is kin’ en good ter po’ people is sho’ ter prosper en git ’long in de worl’.”</p>
			<p>“That is a very strange story, Uncle Julius,” observed my wife, smiling, “and Solomon’s explanation is quite improbable.”</p>
			<p>“Yes, Julius,” said I, “that was powerful goopher. I am glad, too, that you told us the moral of the story; it might have escaped us otherwise. By the way, did you make that up all by yourself?”</p>
			<p>The old man’s face assumed an injured look, expressive more of sorrow than of anger, and shaking his head he replied:⁠—</p>
			<p>“No, suh, I heared dat tale befo’ you er Mis’ Annie dere wuz bawn, suh. My mammy tol’ me dat tale w’en I wa’n’t mo’ d’n knee-high ter a hopper-grass.”</p>
			<p>I drove to town next morning, on some business, and did not return until noon; and after dinner I had to visit a neighbor, and did not get back until suppertime. I was smoking a cigar on the back piazza in the early evening, when I saw a familiar figure carrying a bucket of water to the barn. I called my wife.</p>
			<p>“My dear,” I said severely, “what is that rascal doing here? I thought I discharged him yesterday for good and all.”</p>
			<p>“Oh, yes,” she answered, “I forgot to tell you. He was hanging round the place all the morning, and looking so down in the mouth, that I told him that if he would try to do better, we would give him one more chance. He seems so grateful, and so really in earnest in his promises of amendment, that I’m sure you’ll not regret taking him back.”</p>
			<p>I was seriously enough annoyed to let my cigar go out. I did not share my wife’s rose-colored hopes in regard to Tom; but as I did not wish the servants to think there was any conflict of authority in the household, I let the boy stay.</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
